README.md, before:

###PROJECT: DVB-T implementation using gnuradio
**This is a opensource implementation of DVB-T encoder/decoder according to ETSI 300 744**  
Works with gnuradio 3.7 and more details can be seen here:  
http://yo3iiu.ro/blog/?p=1191  
http://yo3iiu.ro/blog/?p=1220  
http://yo3iiu.ro/blog/?p=1244  


###HowTo:
**Run TX**   
The dvbt TX implementation now supports 2k/8k mode, QPSK, QAM16, QAM64 constelaltions and rates 1/2, 2/3, 3/4, 5/6, 7/8.  
The simplest way to run DVB-T encoding is to use the gnuradio-companion flowgraphs apps/dvbt_tx_demo.grc. It will start with a MPEG-2 TS file and will eventually generate the 10Msps baseband samples.  
test.ts(MPEG-2 TS)->test.bin(BB)  

The parameters used are: 2k OFDM, FEC code 1/2, Modulation 16-QAM, Guard Interval 1/32

**Run RX** 
To run DVB-T decoding just run apps/dvbt_rx_demo.grc. It will take the baseband samples and turn them into MPEG-2 TS file.  
test.bin(BB)->test_out.ts(MPEG-2 TS)  

Then the output can be played with any video player that supports MPEG-2 TS:  

mplayer test_out.ts  

**Notes**  
The baseband samples can be sent to USRP N210 on TX and received with another USRP N210 on RX. The decoder/encoder consumes a lot of processing power and therefore the realtime functionality will depend on the available computing power. On my computer - Sandybridge 2600K - it is possible to send and receive in realtime the stream.  

The encoder/decoder currently works with gnuradio 3.7.2.x and 3.6 (if taken from Gnuradio_v_3_6 tag) but it is not dependent heavily on it. There is also a list of todo tasks in TODO.txt.  

The dvb-t module requires SSE2 SIMD instructions available in the processor. If the SSE2 is not available then illegal instruction will be seen at runtime.  

**Build**  
git clone https://github.com/BogdanDIA/gr-dvbt.git  
cd gr-dvbt  
mkdir build  
cd build  
cmake ../  
make && sudo make install

Commit message:

Added latest viterbi rates for RX and some other comments

README.md, after:

###PROJECT: DVB-T implementation using gnuradio
**This is a opensource implementation of DVB-T encoder/decoder according to ETSI 300 744**  
Works with gnuradio 3.7 and more details can be seen here:  
http://yo3iiu.ro/blog/?p=1191  
http://yo3iiu.ro/blog/?p=1220  
http://yo3iiu.ro/blog/?p=1244  


###HowTo:
**Run TX**   
The dvbt TX implementation now supports 2k/8k mode, QPSK, QAM16, QAM64 constelaltions and rates 1/2, 2/3, 3/4, 5/6, 7/8.  
The simplest way to run DVB-T encoding is to use the gnuradio-companion flowgraphs apps/dvbt_tx_demo.grc. It will start with a MPEG-2 TS file and will eventually generate the 10Msps baseband samples.  
test.ts(MPEG-2 TS)->test.bin(BB)  

The parameters used are: 2k OFDM, FEC code 1/2, Modulation 16-QAM, Guard Interval 1/32

**Run RX** 
The dvbt RX implementation now supports all rates: 1/2, 2/3, 3/4, 5/6, 7/8.  
To run DVB-T decoding just run apps/dvbt_rx_demo.grc. It will take the baseband samples and turn them into MPEG-2 TS file.  
test.bin(BB)->test_out.ts(MPEG-2 TS)  

Then the output can be played with any video player that supports MPEG-2 TS:  

mplayer test_out.ts  

**Notes**  
The baseband samples can be sent to USRP N210 on TX and received with another USRP N210 on RX. The decoder/encoder consumes a lot of processing power and therefore the realtime functionality will depend on the available computing power. On my computer - Sandybridge 2600K - it is possible to send and receive in realtime the stream.  

The encoder/decoder currently works with gnuradio 3.7.2.x and 3.6 (if taken from Gnuradio_v_3_6 tag) but it is not dependent heavily on it. There is also a list of todo tasks in TODO.txt.  

The rational resampler adds a lot of noise on receiving and that is why the AWGN noise source is mixed over the signal when doing back to back testing. If no TS file is decoded it may need to play with the level of the noise source. For transmission over real channel the resampler seems to work ok.  

The dvb-t module requires SSE2 SIMD instructions available in the processor. If the SSE2 is not available then illegal instruction will be seen at runtime.  

**Build**  
git clone https://github.com/BogdanDIA/gr-dvbt.git  
cd gr-dvbt  
mkdir build  
cd build  
cmake ../  
make && sudo make install
